_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <em> Neubauer Family Economics and Public Policy Program <br>  The Fletcher School and the Graduate School of Arts and Sciences at Tufts University </em>

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  address: >

news: false  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: false  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

I am a first year PhD student in Economics and Public Policy at Tufts University. Broadly, I am interested in rural-urban migration, urbanization, and economic mobility in low and middle income countries. I hope to leverage big data and machine learning methods to generate new insights in these areas.

Before starting grad school, I was a Research Associate at [Development Data Lab](https://www.devdatalab.org/) where I worked with large administrative datasets in India as published on the [SHRUG](https://www.devdatalab.org/shrug) platform. While there, I also worked with a project management team to guide the development of the National Data and Analytics Platform, [NDAP](https://ndap.niti.gov.in), a site that harmonizes administrative datasets across time and space to ensure public data is truly publicly accessible.

Commit message:

Development (#8)
* add monty hall post

* add blog post formatting to monty hall file

* update formatting of monty hall post

* update prof pic

* update about

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <em> Neubauer Family Economics and Public Policy Program <br>  The Fletcher School and the Graduate School of Arts and Sciences at Tufts University </em>

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  address: >

news: false  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: false  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

I am a second year PhD student in Economics and Public Policy at Tufts University. Broadly, I am interested in development and urban economics, with a focus on rural-urban migration. 

Before starting grad school, I was a Research Associate at [Development Data Lab](https://www.devdatalab.org/) where I worked with large administrative datasets in India as published on the [SHRUG](https://www.devdatalab.org/shrug) platform. While there, I also worked with a project management team to guide the development of the National Data and Analytics Platform, [NDAP](https://ndap.niti.gov.in), a site that harmonizes administrative datasets across time and space to ensure public data is truly publicly accessible.
